Update export URL according to README - Partially Closes 1838 (#1874)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/lisk-service-rpc.adoc

> Upon receiving a similar response as mentioned above, combine the `fileUrl` with the HTTP base URL: https://service.lisk.com like the following to download the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon receiving a similar response as mentioned above, combine the `fileUrl` with the HTTP base URL: https://service.lisk.com to download the file as shown in the following below:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Upon receiving a similar response as mentioned above, combine the `fileUrl` with the HTTP base URL: https://service.lisk.com to download the file as shown in the following URL:
```
